This project is primarily a website that has two database tables incorporated in it.

The first database table is "programlist," which contains all the basic info (a unique assigned ID, title, affiliation, duration, type, description, rating) about each program in the database. The second database table "reviews" contains information about each review: an unique id for each review, the id of the program that the review is associated with, user nickname, user rating, title of review, and review content.

The home page prompts the user for a key word which is then used in a SQL SELECT statement to select all programs that feature the key word in their titles, upon submission of the key word, the user will be directed to the results page, where I used flask to display snippets of information from each of the program in the selected list of programs. In case the user can't find the desired program in the "programlist" database table, I included a link to a program registration page in the bottom of the results page.

When the user is redirected to the registration page by clicking the hyperlinked word, the user are asked to fill in information for all fields of a program in the "programlist" database except for the id which is auto-incremented. As the user submits the form, the value for each field is then collected and inserted into a new row in the "programlist" table, and the newly created program entry will have a unique id. The user is then redirected to the page about the program with a redirect("/program?id=%s") featuring the unique id of the program as %s. By including the unique id in the web link, each program can have their own link for information and review display.

When the user is directed to the program page, either by clicking a program title in the results page or registering a new program, the user can see all the information about the program being displayed with flask. Among these information, average rating of the program will change with review submissions. It is because each time a user submits a new rating and review, the average of all ratings for the program is re-calculated and turned into a integer to update the field "rating" of the specific program in the "programlist" database table; when a program is newly generated, no one has rated it yet so the rating will display "None." The below the information of the program comes the past reviews of the program, which I used a SQL SELECT statement to select all the reviews WHERE programid = id of the specific program (the id of the program is retrieved from its program page link, which is /program?id=...), then flask is used to display each row of the selected reviews from the "reviews" database table. Since every time the user submits a new review, the method changes from "GET" to "POST" and the id in the web link is lost at that moment, I had to create a global list of size 1 in the beginning of my application.py file and stored the program id to the list every time (a global variable won't work for somehow; I spent an hour with a TF to figure out this method of using a list). As the user submits a new review, all the information is collected and inserted as a new row into the "reviews" database table. The user will then be redirected back to this program page where he/she can see her review displayed on the bottom of all past reviews by flask. The newly submitted rating will also affect the average rating of the program as mentioned earlier.

I want to keep this website simplistic and neat so I didn't use any background or blocks of intense colors, however, I did style the input boxes and buttons on the pages with Bootstrap. Javascript is used in every page with a input box to ensure correct user input.
